1. Listen to a verse and write down words you recognize

Mal parece que solo me querer
y todita mentira
que maldita
dia
mia
te encontre

The entire verse is:

Mal parece que solo me quedé
Y fue pura todita tu mentira
Que maldita mala suerte la mía
Que aquel día te encontré

2. Translate the verse and write it down in your native language

Raul pare sa ramana cu mine [Evil seems to stay with me]
Si au plecat toate minciunile tale [y fue = and went]
Ce ... noroc rea a ... [maldita = damn, mala = bad, suerte = noroc]
Ce ... zi ... te gasesc [encontrar = find = a gasi, aquel = that, aceea]

I stumbled and I had to try to find an english translation of the verse

Sadly, it looks like I was left alone
And it was purely, completely all your lie.
What damned bad luck, mine,
To find you on that day.


10/02/2016

1.

Tengo la camisa negra
Hoy mi amor esta de luto

Tengo en el alma una pena
Es por culpa de tu embrujo

I'm feeling good after the first verse, I haven't stumbled on any words (I think), I can continue with another verse.

Yo sé que tu no me quieres
Eso lo que mas me hiere (?)
Que tengo la camisa negra
Y una pena que me duele

2. Checking accuracy. I don't pay attention to some things such as Y or Hoy, I don't hear them. Spanish is spoken fast.

Tengo la camisa negra
Hoy mi amor esta de luto

Hoy tengo en el alma una pena
Y es por culpa de tu embrujo

Hoy sé que tú ya no me quieres
Y eso es lo que más me hiere
Que tengo la camisa negra
Y una pena que me duele

3. Creating labels for decorating parts of the apartment to see how fast do I stop recognizing them.

UP, DOWN, CLIMB, GO DOWN
arriba, abajo, escalar, descender

LEFT, RIGHT, FRONT, BACK
izquierda, derecho, frente, atras

TOP, BOTTOM
superior, fondo

WALL, DOOR, WINDOW, FLOOR, CEILING, CHAIR, BED, CLOSET, NIGHTSTAND
muro, puerta, ventana, suelo, techo, silla, cama, armario, mesita de noche

4. During an exercise on Fluencia where you listen to a conversation and then it asks you to fill in the words even though you don't know it yet. Another exercise to learn pronouns:
ella she
ellas they (feminine)
ellos they (masculine)
nosotros we
tú you (informal singular)
usted you (formal singular)
ustedes you (plural)
yo I
él he

it's definetely boring.
